this week Simon Cowell sparked
controversy by saying that homework
should be banned as it's more important
for children to be healthy and happy
than to stress over homework Cal thinks
kids at school are under too much stress
there's no problem with an 11 year old
tap dancer breaking down in tears and a
live beating Cal also highlighted the
issue of excessive homework can I say as
a former teacher I rarely said it myself
because were created marking and I
wanted to be out the door by 3:30 Cal
went on to say that is five yards on
would benefit from leaving school aged
10 we said listen if I can get him out
tend to come and work for me than I
would that's your part of Simon Cowell's
newest format britain's got no GCSEs
so Ranga Nation who here thinks that
homework should be banned hands up just
quickly show of hands so a few of you
not many of you Jessica I think for kids
who were going to leave school at 10:00
and go and work in their multi-million
pound father's firm I think absolutely
yeah maybe we should get my own work
get some homers you're in favor of Homer
who is in favor of homework now listen
Jen said you were can't wait to vote it
was and you voted maintain I know your
Genzo why are you so informal I've
always had like a tiger mom parenting
it's like education get your good job
make loads of money
otherwise you'll be a complete failure
in life so anybody against Homer anybody
opposed to it never votes it I would
rather they just extended the school
hours and they just did more there
what's your language your yeah I just
think the idea of homework doesn't have
to be sitting at a table writing for
example yeah I teach the kids Spanish in
French so I would say to them right go
and do something that involves you using
the Spanish or French that I'm teaching
you and do it in real-life scenarios
jobs are good and I'm not marking so
hold on so you're sending out kids into
the world and they're going into shops
and just speaking Spanish at this Paul
stop we're proud of how I did it's go
[Music]
girlfriend during me to give the result
cannot explain what happened I got
scared so my girlfriend I said can you
just find my mom cause she's gonna like
lose it and she said I need just ask
Ramesh to upon me and I will talk to him
directly it's fine these things can be
and so -
[Laughter]
it would anyone here admit to being a
pushy parent anyone who admits being a
pushy parent football mad how do you
think you're a pushy parent
I applied so much pressure on my older
two for their eleven plus exam
I used to practically live at the tutors
house you liked at the tutors house it
took me an hour to get to the teachers
house but I used to pop on her road and
wait there for two hours
and I just sit there while they did
their whatever - shouldn't they had
doesn't sound like you've got a big eye
for detail just so that they could sit
the eleven plus why to get into the
school that I wanted them to get into do
you know what you know what if my eldest
son didn't get the school that I hold
but now he's at the school that he is
actually suited to and I can see that
now and I wish I could go back in time
back on can you imagine your kids
starting a - our tuition session just
looking out the window for a bit of rest
by
[Laughter]
easygoing
[Applause]
because we spent all our money on some
OCD to say oh please